<!--[API;README]:api-->
## Document Fragments

Document fragments are section of text data within Markdown files and in *JavaScript* / *TypeScript* block comments that provide the content for documentation generated by Docs. 

Preamble sections defined in each fragment specify where that fragment should go within the generated documentation. Docs will automatically locate these fragments and combine them to generate README, CODE_OF_CONDUCT, and CONTRIBUTORS markdown files as well as API website files. 

### Usage
There are two places a document fragment can be defined in: 
- A JavaScript / TypeScript comment block `/* ... */`
- A markdown file within the `repo_root/source/doc_fragments` directory or subdirectories

Multiple fragments can be defined within a Markdown file, but only one fragment can be defined per comment block.

#### JavaScript
A JavaScript block comment document fragment looks like this:
```js
/** [API]:introduction
 * ### JavaScript Comment Block Syntax
 * This is an example of a comment block. The [API]:introduction 
 * text at the top signals to Docs that this fragment should end 
 * up in the API documentation as part of the Introduction section.
 */

```

The second `*` asterick is important, as it signals that the block is to be 
considered fragment candidate. Any leading `*` on subsequent lines will be 
stripped from the fragment.


#### Markdown
Markdown files in `repo_root/source/doc_fragments/**/*` can have document fragments defined as so:
```markdown
<!-- [API;README]:introduction -->
### Markdown Syntax
The HTML comment above indicates this document fragment is to be used
in both the API documentation as well as the README.md file in the 
**Introduction** section. 

<!-- [API;README]:miscellaneous -->
Additional fragments can be defined by adding more HTML comments to signal
the start of a new fragment
```
### Syntax

The full grammar is defined in [doc_fragment.hcg](source/grammar/doc_fragment.hcg) and [comment.hcg](source/grammar/comment.hcg)

#### Javascript:

 >**/\*\*** `FRAGMENT_PREAMBLE` `FRAGMENT_MARKDOWN_CONTENT` **\*/**

#### Markdown File:

 >**<\!--** `FRAGMENT_PREAMBLE` **-->** 
>
 >`FRAGMENT_MARKDOWN_CONTENT`

### `FRAGMENT_MARKDOWN_CONTENT`:

Any text data including Markdown and HTML data.

### `FRAGMENT_PREAMBLE`:
>  **[** `DOC_TYPE` *[* **;** `DOC_TYPE`*]* * **]** *(* **:** `USAGE_SPECIFIER` *)?*

### `DOC_TYPE`:
Any one of the following : 
- API
- README
- CODE_OF_CONDUCT
- CONTRIBUTORS

TODO - Refine syntax to allow custom organization and arrangement of fragments.